Cache doc improvement to better describe behaviors (#9659)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/cache.adoc

Loads a method result from the cache without executing the method body whenever possible.

When a method annotated with `@CacheResult` is invoked, Quarkus will compute a cache key and use it to check in the cache whether the method has been already invoked.

> If the method has one or more arguments, the key computation is done from all the method arguments if none of them is annotated with `@CacheKey`, or all the arguments annotated with `@CacheKey` otherwise. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the method has one or more arguments, the key computation is done from all the method arguments if none of them is annotated with `@CacheKey`, or all the arguments annotated with `@CacheKey` otherwise.
```

> If the method argument is object, then correct implementation of `equals()` and `hashCode()` is important for the cache to work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each non-primitive method argument that is part of the key must implement `equals()` and `hashCode()` correctly for the cache to work as expected.
```
